Boom Clap is a sound-based computer science project to beat boredom and plan music. Unfortunately, pianos and guitars don’t fit into your pocket, which, for musicians, is incredibly frustrating. Often, songs and melodies pop into heads randomly, and what better way to realize those ideas than with a piano that can fit in your backpack or tote bag. Not only is this project convenient for musicians, but also entertaining and creative for bored people. What’s better than promoting productive, creative engagement in the state most susceptible to doom scrolling? We hope to have both keyboard binds, for optimal engagement, and screen tapping (mouse), so all users can engage effectively and easily.

Our program, as we outlined in our goals, displays a graphical user interface with a piano. The piano displays one octave at a time, with buttons to change octaves up or down and a lable displaying the current octave. The user can select another instrument sound, the other instrument being a guitar. Once they do so, the same functionallity applies, and they can again press the button to switch back to a piano. The user can play the piano by pressing keys, or with their keyboard, and the keys are mapped to the correct sounds. The keys indicate that they are being played by changing color to pink. The terminal prints out what not was played, thus dispaying note played. Each key shows its note, which aligns with the key on the keyboard to press for whitekeys. For black keys, the note and the keybind is displayed. As part of our strectch goals, we added all octaves. However, we were unable to play notes simultaneously. 

Other than not being able to play back multiple sounds at once, all parts are finished. 

To launch the program, you can run the code. To interact with the gui, either press the key with your mouse, or press the letter on your keyboard that matches the letter on the key you would like to press. The plus button increases the octave and the minus button decreases it. The guitar button switches the piano sounds for guitar sounds. 
